README.md, before:

# PrimeNgFilesUploading

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.0.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Created an upload app with PrimeNG, PrimeIcons and PrimeFlex

README.md, after:

# PrimeNgFilesUploading

PrimeNG is a rich set of open source native Angular UI components.

We use it this library to build an angular app for uploading files. We use also Express as a server.

- **PrimeNG**
- **Express**
- **CORS**
- **Multer** is a node.js middleware for handling **`multipart/form-data`**
- **Angular Animations**
- **HttpClientModule : HttpRequest, HttpEvent, HttpEventType**
- **Web native API Drag and Drop**

## Download

**PrimeNG** is available at npm, if you have an existing application run the following command to download it to your project.

**PrimeFlex** is a CSS utility library featuring various helpers such as a grid system, flexbox, spacing, elevation and more. Although it is not required, it is highly recommended to add PrimeFlex as it is likely to need such utilities when developing applications with PrimeNG. The version 3 is used here, and it's different from the version 2.

```sh
$ npm install primeng --save
$ npm install primeicons --save
$ npm install primeflex --save
```

For the Server

```sh
$ npm install express --save
$ npm install cors --save
npm install --save multer
```
